Update office-add-ins-community-call.md (#4785)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/office-add-ins-community-call.md

> We have changed the schedule to 7:00 AM Pacific Time. If you still have the old calendar invite that starts at 8:00 AM Pacific Time, please remove it and download the latest one at <https://aka.ms/officeaddinscommunitycall>.

## Agenda for September 11, 2024 call

> Here is the agenda for the September Office Add-ins community call.
> * PowerPoint Preview APIs and Ribbon 1.1 API Updates​
> * Word APIs Updates​
> * A new NAA sample for Outlook event-based add-ins​
> * Visual Studio Code extension for Office Add-ins Public Preview​
> * Extend Teams app to support WXP Add-ins Public Preview​

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the agenda for the September Office Add-ins community call.
* PowerPoint preview APIs and Ribbon 1.1 API updates​.
* Word API updates​.
* A new NAA sample for event-based Outlook add-ins​.
* Visual Studio Code extension: Office Add-ins Developer Kit (public preview​).
* Extend Teams apps to support Excel, PowerPoint, and Word add-ins (public preview).​
```
